Add path params filter support (#750)
open-contracting/kingfisher-collect: docs/local.rst

.. _increment:

> If the filters are implemented as path parameters, you can add them to the base URL path, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the filters are implemented as path parameters, you can append path components to the base URL, for example:
```
